Hello everyone, I am RXSFAI.
It’s time for the BF4 equipment series video.
In this series of videos, I will try to use my message list for my equipment.
Make a assessment based on the accessories and equipment
So if you have any complete equipment list, I want to try it out.
Don't forget to leave a message and leave your gear
I will choose one of the comments for the next topic.
This time the equipment is from Li Jiaqi.
The main weapon is the SAIGA 12K shotgun
Accessories use cobra [inside red dot], laser sight, 12G deer, right angle grip
The secondary weapon uses the M412 REX revolver, fitted with a metal sight, and the green point laser sight
Equipped with one M18 wide knife mine or C4 explosive, equipped with two ammunition boxes
Grenade uses M67 fragment
Battlefield upgrade skill selection [defense], army knife is carbon fiber knife
SAIGA 12K is a semi-automatic shotgun of BF4
Its eight rounds of ammunition plus a bullet in the cavity, a total of nine bullets
Can hit 200 bullets per minute
Since different shotguns will have different numbers of built-in projectiles
There are a total of nine projectiles in the SAIGA 12K shotgun.
Calculated the deer bomb used this time, the highest damage can be as high as 162
In theory, at close range, even if you hit any one bit, you can kill the enemy.
But your nine projectiles must also hit the enemy in full to reach this damage.
When DICE designed the shotgun, in order to avoid the shotgun too OP
Therefore, in addition to investigating the extent of the spread after the launch of the projectile
Also subdivided the bullet into a certain number of projectiles.
Make each projectile calculate the damage and accuracy independently
So that other guns will not necessarily lose to the shotgun at close range.
In addition, because the projectile projectiles of the shotgun are individually calculated separately
So the last shot of the enemy may only be 2-3 of them.
Especially when using lumbar shots
You have a great chance, even if you illuminate the entire magazine, or aim at the enemy with a good waist, you will not be able to hit it.
So I suggest that when everyone uses a shotgun, everyone should aim at it as soon as possible.
In order to make the projectile more concentrated and not too distracting, I will also install the beam picker every time I use the shotgun.
As for whether to use a modified beam picker or a full beam picker
It depends on whether you prefer to use the waist, or aim at the fire.
However, the lumbar shot of the shotgun is terrible.
So still use the full beam picker.
Ammunition, because SAIGA 12K is semi-automatic
So no matter what kind of ammunition you use, there are no special disadvantages.
For the grip, the semi-automatically fired gun, fitted with a right angle grip, will of course be the most suitable.
Needless to say, the shotgun should also know that it can have its advantages at close range.
So basically only in the team, or the map of the infantry war will have a chance to use
But on these maps, because the map is not big, everyone relies heavily on small maps to find enemies.
In the BF4, the barrel fitting of the shotgun is without a silencer.
So when you shoot with a shotgun, you will appear on the enemy's small map, and anyone can find you.
Compared to other gun types, they can be equipped with a silencer to hide themselves, and the range will be farther than the shotgun.
In addition, in the map design, in fact, there are many maps in the BF4 that are not suitable for using shotguns.
Because there are quite a few maps of BF4, the core design is based on the large conquest model.
Including the reason just mentioned, most players also think that at close range
High-speed guns are more powerful and more practical than shotguns.
So the shotgun is not used by many people in the BF4.
And these reasons are also why I don’t really like to use shotguns.
Finally, answer the questions of the netizens who provided the equipment.
SAIGA 12K and DBV-12 are actually no different.
Whether it is the rate of fire, the number of shots, or the diffusion value representing the accuracy is the same.
But the DBV-12 is a bullet that is two more shots than the SAIGA 12K, and the bombing time is a little faster.
So if you have unlocked DBV-12, I think there should be no reason to continue to use SAIGA 12K.
I said it this time.
Battlefield Hardline will be officially released next week.
I should release a single-player video and a review video of the entire game in that one or two days.
So if you are still thinking about buying BFH, you can look at my assessment before you think about it.
Thank you for watching, we will see you in the next video, byebye